added config native_limits to YEP 312 (#19)
yaq-project/yeps: yeps/yep-312.md

Transform parameters are subject to change, so native positions are more robust.  As such, state is recorded through native units.
In contrast, client calls to the `position` property will report transformed coordinates.

## config: native_limits

type: array

default: [-inf, inf]

> Limits of the hardware specified in native units.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bounds of motion specified in native coordinates.  To specify bounds in transformed coordinates, use `limits`.
```
verbatim from the toml docstring.
